After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
    
    https://sheltered-mountain-47766.herokuapp.com/CS313/Week06/form.html?

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
    https://github.com/sethchilders92/cs313/tree/master/web/CS313/Week06

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

    All parts of the application are working. 
    
    Login page: the three already created users' information is 
    on the page to allow access and modification
    
    Edit Profile Button: This works and takes the user to an 
    editting page.
    
    Editting page: Everything works properly on this page, 
    granted legitimate URLs are used for the images and not
    file locations or images that have copywrite protection.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

    Everything is working properly, though I am hoping to add
    another button on the login page to allow new users to be
    created. I am also hoping to better the CSS, especially
    the background image CSS seeing as it stretches most images
    that are used. I might use a @media query to do so, or
    I might put a max-width on the image and center the content
    on the page.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

    The coolest thing is that I learned how to make a miniature
    social media page! I hope to be able to continue this 
    project and allow for searching the database for other 
    users, and allow for users to be connected and see each 
    other's profiles, with certain permissions set. 

6. What is a benefit of having a foreign key constraint?
    
    It allows you to link tables more easily, as I did in this 
    assignment. I used the ID primary key from my "person" 
    table and made it a foreign key in my "profile" table, 
    allowing me to keep, use, and modify the user's information 
    that is housed in both tables, similateously.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:

    D - Meets requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

    While I am very proud of what I have been able to
    accomplish, I am turning this in a few days late. I also 
    think I could optimize my code more in my "profile.php", 
    having repeated much of the database querying when I might
    be able to do so with fewer "executions". I met all of the 
    requirements and tried to make my application useful for 
    future projects and hope to continue with this project.