After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://sheltered-mountain-47766.herokuapp.com/CS313/Assignments.html

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/sethchilders92/cs313/tree/master/web/CS313

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
    
    Everything is working properly. This includes the PHP, form, Results link, and the 
    submit button, along with the links to the assignment page, about me page, etc.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

    Everything is working properly.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

    The coolest thing I learned was using PHP to write JSON, then using PHP to parse the 
    JSON again. This was a difficult, but powerful thing to learn.

6. List one strength and one limitation of using cookies.
    
    Cookies can save data for users, such as passwords and usernames, but they do have
    a max capacity per per domain that should be remembered, being 4096 bytes. This limit
    to size makes it necessary to save files as well and create databases, not just saving the
    cookies themselves.


7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:

E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

    My assignment not only works, but I also made it user friendly by adding my standard 
    navigation menu at the top of both my survey and my results page, making it easier to
    navigate throughout my assignments. I also tried to make the color scheme well formed 
    and used original CSS to style everything instead of using bootstrap or other third-party
    styling.